---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "remotewrite-v1alpha1_cluster_destination_list Data Source - remotewrite-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# remotewrite-v1alpha1_cluster_destination_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) ClusterDestinationSpec defines the desired state of ClusterDestination (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) ClusterDestinationStatus defines the observed state of ClusterDestination (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes) Authentication details (username and password) for accessing the server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--authentication))
- `authorization` (Attributes) Authorization token for accessing the server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--authorization))
- `metadata_1` (Attributes) Configuration related to sending metadata to the remote server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--metadata_1))
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS configuration for secure connection to the remote server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--tls))
- `url` (String) Remote server address for sending metrics.
- `write_options` (Attributes) Remote write options such as: Flush interval, Retries, etc. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--write_options))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.authentication`

Optional:

- `password` (String) Client password
- `username` (String) Client username


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--authorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.authorization`

Optional:

- `credentials` (String) Credentials such as a token value
- `type` (String) Authorization type


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--metadata_1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.metadata_1`

Optional:

- `include` (Boolean) If enabled, includes metadata in the write requests.
- `interval` (String) Interval at which metadata is sent to the remote server.
- `max_entries_per_write` (Number) Maximum number of metadata entries to be sent per Write request.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.tls`

Optional:

- `ca_file` (String) Path to the Certificate Authority file for verifying the server certificate.
- `cert_file` (String) Path to the client certificate file.
- `key_file` (String) Path to the client key file.
- `skip_verify` (Boolean) Skip verifying the server certificate


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--write_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.write_options`

Optional:

- `buffer_size` (Number) The buffer size threshold that initiates sending the accumulated metrics to the remote destination once reached.
- `flush_interval` (String) Interval at which metrics stored in the local buffer are sent to the remote server.
Metrics are sent regardless of the buffer size threshold.
- `headers` (Attributes List) Custom HTTP headers to be sent along with each remote write request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--write_options--headers))
- `max_retries` (Number) The total number of times to retry sending a message
- `max_time_series_per_write` (Number) Maximum number of metrics per write request.
- `timeout` (String) Write client timeout.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--write_options--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.write_options.headers`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Header name
- `value` (String) Header value




<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `error` (String) Last encountered error for this destination.
- `last_checked` (String) Last checked time for connectivity status
- `reachable` (Boolean) Indicates if the destination is reachable.
